.exercises/shell-io-redirection.md, before:

<h2 align="center" >Here are a few exercises for you to practice .</h2>

| Exercises                                                     | Solutions |
| -------------------                                           |:-------------:|
|Write a Script that prints "Hello, World Followed by a new line on the terminal        | <p><a href="../0x02-shell_redirections/0-hello_world">Solution</a></p>   |
| Write a script that displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'    | <p><a href="../0x02-shell_redirections/1-confused_smiley">Solution</a></p>     |
| Display the content of the /etc/passwd file..     | <p><a href="../0x02-shell_redirections/2-hellofile">Solution</a></p>    |
|Display the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts|<p><a href="../0x02-shell_redirections/3-twofiles">Solution</a></p>    |
|Display the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd.| <p><a href="../0x02-shell_redirections/4-lastlines">Solution</a></p>    |
|Write a script that adds execute permission to the owner of the file hello | <p><a href="../0x01-shell_permissions/5-execute">Solution</a></p>    |
|Write a script that adds execute permission to the owner and the group owner, and read permission to other users, to the file hello.| <p><a href="../0x01-shell_permissions/6-multiple_permissions">Solution</a></p>    |
|Write a script that adds execution permission to the owner, the group owner and the other users, to the file hello | <p><a href="../0x01-shell_permissions/7-everybody">Solution</a></p>    |

Commit message:

Added the sixth exercises - First lines

.exercises/shell-io-redirection.md, after:

<h2 align="center" >Here are a few exercises for you to practice .</h2>

| Exercises                                                     | Solutions |
| -------------------                                           |:-------------:|
|Write a Script that prints "Hello, World Followed by a new line on the terminal        | <p><a href="../0x02-shell_redirections/0-hello_world">Solution</a></p>   |
| Write a script that displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'    | <p><a href="../0x02-shell_redirections/1-confused_smiley">Solution</a></p>     |
| Display the content of the /etc/passwd file..     | <p><a href="../0x02-shell_redirections/2-hellofile">Solution</a></p>    |
|Display the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts|<p><a href="../0x02-shell_redirections/3-twofiles">Solution</a></p>    |
|Display the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd.| <p><a href="../0x02-shell_redirections/4-lastlines">Solution</a></p>    |
|Display the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd| <p><a href="../0x02-shell_redirections/5-firstlines">Solution</a></p>    |
|Write a script that adds execute permission to the owner and the group owner, and read permission to other users, to the file hello.| <p><a href="../0x01-shell_permissions/6-multiple_permissions">Solution</a></p>    |
|Write a script that adds execution permission to the owner, the group owner and the other users, to the file hello | <p><a href="../0x01-shell_permissions/7-everybody">Solution</a></p>    |
